[soft music]
- Okay, we're gonna turn
on the cameras.
Hey, guys, it's Selena,
and today I have
a very special guest
with me in the kitchen...
Did you get it?
My little sister Gracie.
- You just tap it?
- Yeah.
- Oh, that's easy.
Oh, they're moving.
- We're both ready
to sharpen our skills
with the help
of another amazing chef.
Yeah.
I'd better be on my toes
or Gracie's gonna put me
to shame.
- Why do you just assume
I'm gonna burn something?
- Have you seen the episodes?
[laughter]
- I'm just getting schooled
by my sister right now.
- Yeah.
[doorbell rings]
- Will you guys grab
the groceries, please?
- Yes.
- Of course.
So, Papa, every episode
they send a different guy.
And so I've been, like,
kinda looking for the one.
- I don't wanna have
nothing to do with that.
- So many groceries today!
- Hi.
- Hi, you've got such
a nice smile.
- Oh, thank you so much.
- How are you?
- Good, how are you?
- Good.
- Good, good.
- I know.
She talks about guys
every episode.
- All right,
you guys have a great day.
- Thank you.
It's a happy day, guys.
- Oh, gosh, here.
Oh, what is this?
- Look, Raquelle.
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, my goodness!
- [gasps]
A real one!
- [shrieks]
- Finally!
Finally!
- Oh, my God.
- Dial it up.
- Selena and Richard, take one.
- Just, like, go like that.
- Selena and Richard, take two.
- Okay, I'm dialing him in.
♪ I'm trying, I'm trying,
I'm trying, I'm trying ♪
♪ I'm trying, oh, trying,
♪ With my feelings on fire ♪
Hi, Richard!
- Hi, how are you?
- Good, how are you?
- Excellent.
- Today I'm joined
by chef Richard Blais.
He is an author, a dad,
a James Beard award nominee,
a restaurant owner,
and I hear he likes
to work with liquid nitrogen.
Things might
get a little wild today.
I want to introduce you
to my little sister.
This is Gracie.
- Hi.
- Hi, Gracie.
- And this is my best friend,
Raquelle.
- Hi.
- Hi, Raquelle.
- Nice to meet you.
Thank you so much for
letting me entertain for what
I understand is a pretty
big celebration happening.
It's someone's birthday!
- Whoo-hoo!
Huge day.
- She's very excited.
- Yes, so today I'm gonna
show you how to make
the ultimate
birthday bash menu.
- Ooh.
- A DIY Nacho bar
with quick
Carne Asada,
and all the fixings
and things,
And a DIY
ice cream sundae bar
with liquid nitrogen
ice cream
and some chocolate
dipped strawberries.
What do you think, Gracie?
- Look good?
- Yes!
- [laughs]
- It's great for me.
- We're so excited.
- I think we're gonna
start it off
with doing the last part
of our meal first,
which is going to be
making homemade ice cream.
- We're obsessed
with ice cream.
- This is
an ice cream household.
- Chocolate or vanilla?
- Chocolate.
- And I like vanilla.
So we'll do both.
How 'bout that?
How 'bout we do two flavors?
We're gonna
double the recipe.
And I'm glad that you have
a team over there, Selena,
because there's
a couple different things
that have to happen.
The first thing we're gonna
do to make our ice cream base
is measure out
the heavy cream and the milk.
And we're gonna add it
to that sauce pot.
- Got it.
- In my younger days,
I was a DJ.
And my DJ name was Heavy Cream.
- No!
- No one knows that.
- That's amazing.
- Okay.
So you're gonna need three cups
of milk
and three cups of heavy cream.
- I'm just here alone
doing this.
- Here, let's see if this is...
- I feel like we can use this.
- Ow, my arm.
- You are such a drama queen.
- Yep, a cup and a half
of each, that's gonna work.
So you got three cups
of both.
- Then you're going
to add a half cup of sugar.
- Great.
- And you're gonna add a little
bit of vanilla extract.
- Okay.
- What should I put
the stove on, medium?
- Low to medium.
- Okay.
- All you're looking
to do is just dissolve
the sugar into the cream.
And then just someone
sorta keep an eye on it.
- I lit this kitchen
on fire twice.
- [laughs]
- I'll be on stove duty.
- So you're on stove duty.
- Yep.
- So now we need to make
the other half of this mixture.
So we're gonna have
to crack some eggs.
You're gonna need
eight egg yolks.
- Okay.
- Did you wash your hands?
- You got it. God, you got it!
- Oh, one handed?
- Good job.
- Hey, good job.
- So if you want, just break
the whole egg into the bowl,
and then what we can do
is just scoop out the yolk.
That's fine.
- Oh--
- Oh!
- No!
- What?
- There's an egg cracked
on the stepping stool.
- We need help!
- Oh.
We are off to a rough start.
- Oh, my gosh.
This is so embarrassing
right now for so many reasons.
- It is not embarrassing.
- Team, we gotta step it up.
- My wife Jasmine just
told me I dropped an egg
on the cat the other day.
- Ew!
- On a cat?
- On the cat.
So don't worry about just
dropping one on the floor.
And then once you get
to eight yolks,
you're gonna go in there
and scoop out the yolks.
- Yes!
- Okay.
- And move the yolks
to another bowl.
- All right, you ready?
- It's kind of difficult.
- It's kinda fun.
It's a little bit of therapy,
but some people
might think it's kinda gross.
- [laughs]
- Great!
- Perfect, now, to the yolks,
you're gonna add
a cup of sugar.
You wanna add the ingredients
with a little flair, you know?
- Ooh!
- Mmm.
- So now what you're
gonna do is we're gonna
mix the sugar and
the egg yolks together.
And now you're
gonna grab a whisk.
- Ooh, this is huge.
- So, like, I just clap.
And then someone
throws me a whisk.
- Oh, nice.
- First of all, Gracie,
that's the biggest whisk
I've ever seen.
- It's kind of big.
- Yes, it's huge.
- Do you want me to try,
and then you can finish it?
- And you really just
wanna combine the sugar
with the yolks so that you get
sort of this texture
right here,
which is starting
to look like pastry cream.
So now we're gonna temper
the ice cream base.
This is the cream on the back,
and it's hot?
It's warm?
- Yeah, yes.
- Okay, so bring the cream
to the front station.
And what we're gonna do
is one person whisk
and the other person just drip
in a little bit
of the hot cream mixture,
right?
- Oh--
- The hot cream--yeah.
Perfect, perfect,
so just a little bit.
Now whisk that in
and let that come together.
And then we add a little bit
more of the hot milk mixture.
And this is called
tempering, right?
Because if we added
all of the cream,
the hot cream, to the yolks,
it would cook the yolks
and then
we'd have scrambled eggs.
- Oh, wow.
- You guys, I don't know
why I have this big of a whisk.
- Why is nothing ever normal?
- Now you're gonna add
all of that back to the pot.
- Whee!
- Come on home.
- Whoo!
- Okay, now this goes back
on the stove on low heat again.
- Back to stove duty.
- While that's heating,
we're gonna
do some chocolate
dipped strawberries.
- I think someone's
very excited about that.
- So you have
some melting chocolate.
Put the chocolate chips in
the microwave for 30 seconds.
Stir it a little bit
with a rubber spatula and then
back in the microwave
for another 30 seconds.
- Great.
- Here's the next step for you,
Raquelle.
With that ice cream mixture
now that's on the back,
we wanna remove half
of it to another mixing bowl.
So if you want it
to be half vanilla,
half chocolate, that's what
we're gonna do right now
is we're separating
the chocolate ice cream
from the vanilla.
So I'm gonna add half
of mine right here.
That's gonna be my
vanilla ice cream.
Now you're gonna take
that chocolate sauce.
And you add as much
chocolate sauce
as you want it
to be chocolatey.
- Oh, you want it
extra chocolatey.
- Okay, done.
How's the chocolate?
- It's good, sissy.
- Okay.
- Now we have three things
that are finished up over here.
We have our melted chocolate.
And then we have chocolate
ice cream base,
and we have vanilla
ice cream base.
So, let's transfer them
to metal mixing bowls.
- Like this, Richard?
- [laughs]
Gracie is doing what we all
wanna do right now, is just eat
all of the chocolate,
which is--
- Wait, dude!
- Sorry--
- Oh, it's on her face!
- Oh, oops.
I have to wipe my face.
- Oh.
- And now is where we get
into the super fun part
of making ice cream.
We're gonna freeze it
with liquid nitrogen.
[soft music]
- Okay.
- That should be at the front
door now or in the kitchen?
- My grandfather actually
brought it in
'cause it was heavy.
I feel like--should he help?
- The more people, the better.
- I don't think
I should be trusted
with anything like that.
- If you got goggles,
if you got gloves,
if you have an apron,
go ahead and throw them on.
I'm not going to do that 'cause
I'm a trained professional.
- I think
I'm gonna wear these out.
- So here's a good lesson
on liquid nitrogen.
Nitrogen is part
of our atmosphere, right?
So it's all around us.
Every time
we actually take a breath,
there's nitrogen in the air.
And what we're using here
is the pressurized version
of nitrogen, so it's gonna be
in a liquid form
when it comes
out of this container.
And it's going to be super,
super cold.
It's actually negative
360-something
degrees Fahrenheit.
♪ ♪
- So here it is.
This is liquid nitrogen.
- Oh, it's that stuff.
Are you gonna do it?
- Whoo!
We're gonna stand back.
Yeah, Papa!
- It's so cool!
- Oh, my God!
- It's so cool.
- How does it look?
- It's kind of a vibe.
- You might want
to put gloves on,
especially
in the metal container.
- Oops.
- You got it.
- And now one person
who's got the glove
is gonna handle
the liquid nitrogen.
Someone else
is gonna need a whisk.
And you're going to slowly
add that to the ice cream base.
And you're gonna keep whisking
it and adding nitrogen
until the whisk feels
like it's not liquid anymore.
- Oh.
All right.
- Wow, so cool.
- This is so cool.
- It's really cool.
- Selena, you've got a song
about ice cream, don't you?
- Yes, I do.
How did you know, Richard?
- All right.
Yay, oh, my God, we did it!
- We're good!
- There it is!
Now put that bowl
in the freezer.
And then do the same thing
with the other flavor.
- I casually could just
go buy this at a store, and--
- Well, there's
a couple different--I mean,
you befriend a chemist,
or you say
you're doing some
bathroom remodeling
or I just-- I'll
drop some over.
You let me know the next
time you wanna do
a liquid nitrogen party.
We'll make sure
you're taken care of.
- You're more than welcome.
- Is this the coolest thing
you've done on the show?
- Yeah, it is.
- So now, Gracie,
just remember this moment, too,
because when you get
in seventh or eighth grade,
you're gonna have
a science teacher
that does this
demonstration in class.
And you're gonna be like,
"You know what?
Richard Blais, five years ago."
- That's right.
- Richard Blais!
- How old were you when
you started cooking?
- Probably 14 years old,
and my first job was
at a little restaurant
that serves burgers,
and fries, and milkshakes.
You probably never heard of it.
It was McDonald's.
Place called McDonald's?
[laughter]
Oh, you've heard of it, okay.
I was the poissonier,
which means "fish cook"
in French.
- What was it, the fish fillet?
- Yes.
- Well, impressive.
- Did you get both
flavors done already?
- Yes, sir.
- Okay, great.
So now we're gonna get
some strawberries out
and some wooden skewers.
Everyone loves
chocolate dipped strawberries.
Just cut off the leaves
of the strawberries.
- And real simply,
I am going to skewer
these strawberries, right?
So just kinda--
- Okay.
- And we're gonna use
the nitrogen again
to sort of make sure
that that shell gets nice
and crispy and
coats the whole strawberry.
So transfer
the nitrogen to a bowl.
I'm just gonna use the same
container I have here.
Okay, so here we go.
Now you're gonna take
these strawberries,
and you're gonna dip them
in the chocolate.
The strawberry gets dipped
into the nitrogen,
and it just comes right out,
like, for not even--
a second or two.
- Oh, beautiful.
No!
- No.
- [laughs]
- That's all right.
- I keep dropping 'em.
- Okay, so we are done
with the liquid nitrogen part
of the show.
We got through it, fam!
We got through it!
- Goodness.
- Whoo!
- So now we're gonna
clean up a little bit,
get organized for the nacho
part of our party.
Gracie, do you like
spicy food or not so much?
- She does.
- You do?
Amazing.
- I love spicy food.
- We're gonna
make Pico de Gallo.
We're gonna use tomatoes,
onions,
jalapeño, or a serrano,
some cilantro, and some lime.
Really, really, really, simple.
All right.
- My sister is living
in her own world.
- She's juggling.
- I'm trying.
- I love it.
I love it.
- Good job.
- Good job, sissy.
- Hold on, I have tomatoes.
I'll just try to do the fake.
It's only two tomatoes,
but it looks good, doesn't it?
- Oh, he--look at him!
Look at Richard!
- One hit the floor.
That's all right.
Who's got
the best knife skills?
- [blows raspberry]
- Me!
- No. Okay.
- So what we're gonna do
is we're going to dice up
three or four tomatoes.
Now what I like to do
is just cut them into fours.
Then I'm just gonna go back
across them using that claw
motion on my hand
and cut them into a dice.
- Right.
- Okay.
So now we have
the tomatoes in there.
Now it's time for the onions.
We want a halved onion.
And then very carefully,
I'm gonna run my knife
vertically through the half of
an onion to make these strips.
And if you really wanna
show off for whoever
the next chef is,
hold the knife like this.
And then I'm gonna
rock my knife back and forth
over the onions.
And then it's just like this.
- Wow, look at him go!
- That is impressive, Richard!
- Richard!
- Selena's showing off now,
too.
- No, I'm not!
- Look at those skills!
- Wow!
- So just add as many onions
to the Pico as you'd like.
- Okay.
- Raquelle,
do you want to start
the beans on the back stove?
I think we can do that.
- Yeah, I would love to.
- Now also, Selena,
I sent a can opener to you?
- Oh, yes, thank you.
- That really blessed us.
- Because, you know, I'm a fan.
I'm a fan, and I've noticed
that the can opener
has been--it's a thing.
- The stuff they have
now is too high tech.
I don't understand any of it.
- It's caused us many problems.
- Papa, can you help me?
- She can't
open the tomato paste.
- Don't laugh at me.
- This is what happens
when you get fancy stuff.
You just need
a regular can opener.
- Ugh, this
is like a nightmare.
- Oh, I think you're--
- No.
- Oh, no, it's the can.
It's not you.
- Is Ayesha waiting?
- Ugh!
- No one needs, like, a voice
activated digital can opener.
- Is that a real thing?
- No, I just made it up.
But should I
continue the pursuit, or...
So real simple,
I've got a pretty big can.
I'm just
gonna use half over here.
And then just grab
your favorite hot sauce.
And put a little hot
sauce in the beans.
- Oh, yum.
- A couple shakes of hot sauce,
Gracie, right in the beans.
Oh, yeah.
- Ooh.
- That's good.
- I like it.
- Okay, good, babe.
- That's perfect.
All right, Gracie,
also while you're over there,
grab some salt.
Let's add some salt.
You know Salt Bae, right?
- Yeah.
- Like, Salt Bae,
he adds-he adds salt like this.
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
- I know Salt Bae, yeah.
- Like, it's not Salt Bae
when I do it, it's Salt Blais.
- Ohh.
- Salt Blaise!
- [laughs]
Just warm the beans up,
low heat.
- Okay.
- Selena,
back to the cutting board.
We're gonna
do the jalapeño, right?
- This isn't a jalapeño.
Is this a jalapeño?
- No, that's a poblano,
but you know what?
Grab that anyway, 'cause
we're gonna use that too.
- All right.
- We got the chili.
And I'm gonna do just
what I did with the tomatoes.
It's like--I don't have any
seeds in this piece over here.
I just--
- That could've been you.
- Seeds are what's
bringing the spice to it.
- Okay, I can do it.
- Oh, no.
- Ugh.
- Cut it into strips.
And then cut them into a dice.
- Oh, I smell it
from over here.
- I'm crying.
- I know, I'm crying, too.
- Okay, I've got a bunch of
cilantro that's gonna be next.
This does not have to be
too, you know, perfect.
It doesn't have to be fine.
And then I'm gonna add
a handful of cilantro.
- That was a close call!
- It's all good, I'm here.
It's--nothing happened.
- Are we all good?
- Yup.
- Gracie, you wanna
add some salt to this?
- Right here, babe.
- Perfect, perfect, all right,
and tomatoes love salt.
So you can do two or three
little pinches of salt.
And now we're gonna
add some lime juice.
All right, Selena, do you
got a lime in front of you?
- Yes, I do.
- I would say squeeze
all of it into your pico.
- Whoo!
- There it is.
Grab a spoon,
and give it a gentle mix.
- You wanna stir it now?
- Sure.
- Okay.
- We need that large
pepper now, the poblano.
- Whoa.
- Turn on a burner
on the back stove.
- Okay.
- You're just gonna
take the poblano
and put it directly
on the fire.
Or, of course,
if you've got a little, like,
miniature flame thrower
hangin' around because you're
a total dork, you can
just use a flame thrower.
- My papa won't let me
use it anymore.
He says it's too dangerous.
[laughter]
- Oh, my gosh, all right.
Just let it get nice
and charred.
You don't have to
do anything else.
Here's what we're looking for.
- My grandmother lived
and breathed for cooking food,
and all we did
was char every single thing.
It's so good.
- Just keep throwing
things on the grill
and developing all that flavor.
You can pull it off the stove.
- Okay.
- If it's nice and black
and roasted, then it's done.
- Okay.
- You know what, don't we all?
Don't we all wanna
take a little break
from time to time?
- Yes.
- One person's gotta dice
the poblano pepper.
Then we're gonna get ready
to make our cheese sauce.
- The best part.
- The cheese sauce is
going to start with roughly
a quart of cream or milk
at home if somebody wants some.
- So I have
to be honest with you.
I do not know what a quart is.
- It is four cups.
Four cups equals a quart.
- Oh, there you go.
- And then you need melty,
ooey, gooey nacho cheese sauce,
right?
- Is this the gooey cheese?
Does this look right to you?
- Oh, no, that is ghee.
That is butter.
- Oh, so what about this?
This looks good, right?
- Does it say cheese on it?
- Yeah.
- Great.
Now, when that cream mixture
is warm,
you're just gonna
spoon in a couple cups.
And you can eyeball this.
- Yes.
- All right.
We have shredded Monterey Jack
cheese and shredded mozzarella.
- Yum.
- I'm gonna add half
of the mozzarella
and half
of the Monterey Jack cheese.
And that's gonna get
real stretchy now.
- Getting' extra cheesy.
- Yes.
♪ ♪
- Look at that cheese pull.
Look at that.
- Oh!
- Oh, my gosh!
- Wait, we're gonna add
more of this so we get that.
- That's an epic cheese pull.
- Wow.
I'm impressed at your skills,
Richard.
- So am I.
I've never done that before.
We're gonna add all of those
poblanos that we just diced up
into that cheese mixture
on the back stove.
Can I see your cheese pull?
Oh, look at that.
Ooh, there it is!
- I want nachos!
- Now it's time
to get into the meat.
Fillet mignon,
only the best for you.
- Fillet!
- And doing our mise en place,
we need the spices.
So you've got chili powder,
salt,
garlic powder,
and onion powder.
- Garlic?
- And then the ghee.
Raquelle, you had
that container earlier?
- Oh, the ghee
that was almost the cheese.
- Yes.
You're gonna need
a pretty big sauté pan
over on the stove.
- How does this thing look?
- I mean, honestly?
That's perfect.
- Like, it's a perfect call
right there.
I love it.
We've got our steaks.
What we're gonna do
is just cut them
into smaller steaks
and cut them then into cubes.
- Okay.
- This meat is amazing.
- How do you know?
- I don't know.
I actually don't know.
It just feels like it is.
Richard,
do you miss the DJ life?
- I'm still playing DJ at home,
but I enjoy my chef life
so much that I don't feel like
I have a job, right?
Like, you know you're
doing something you love
when you don't really
feel like it's a job.
- Yeah.
- Yep.
- All I'm really trying
to do is make people happy.
- Yeah.
- And now I'm doing it with
ooey, gooey, stretchy cheese.
- That's awesome.
- All right, now we're
gonna season our fillet.
We're gonna season
from up high, always.
So you got salt.
We'll do salt first.
- I'm making it rain.
- And a little bit
of black pepper.
Then we're gonna add
a little bit
of the garlic powder
and the onion powder
and then do the same thing,
maybe a little bit lighter
on the other side of the meat,
if that makes sense, right?
All right,
so our meat's seasoned.
- Oh--oh, my God.
- My bad.
- What's that?
- A knife.
- What happened?
- A knife just went flying.
- It's okay.
I'm good.
- I've seen the show.
Knives go flying.
- Oh, my gosh.
- He's got the good one-liners.
- Okay.
The meat you can put
in a little bowl or tray,
and just get it ready
to cook on the stove.
- Here we go.
- I have a question
for the both of you.
Would you ever, like,
do a competition?
Like a culinary, like,
celebrity cooking?
- Absolutely not.
I would never,
ever do that because,
A, I'd make a fool of myself
and, B, me and Raquelle
can't work together
in that way.
- Not in a competition setting,
absolutely not.
It would be a disaster.
- Raquelle, will you tell me
when I have food in my hair?
- It's hard for me
to keep track, you know?
- So I got ghee.
I got about
a tablespoon's worth of ghee.
Ghee is also called
clarified butter.
So it's butter where
the milk solids have been
removed so that you can cook it
to a higher temperature.
I'm gonna add the ghee
to my pan over here.
I'm gonna actually
turn up the heat.
And we're gonna wait until
we see a little bit of smoke
coming out of that pan because
we want to get a nice sear,
right?
- It's finally smoking.
- Whoo!
- Good, let's do it.
Now, listen.
I'm gonna let you do it first
because I want
to hear the sizzle over there.
- Oh, we hear the sizzle.
- That's exactly
what you wanna hear.
- It smells so good.
- The smell with the seasoning.
- I'm gonna add mine over here.
And then, yeah, let it cook.
Let it cook really,
really hot and hard here
for a couple of seconds.
And when you see it get
a little bit brown
on that one side,
just kind of give it a shake
and sauté it.
- Okay.
- Sauté literally means
to jump, to jump in the pan.
So mine's done right here.
And then we just wanna--
- See, now I have to do that.
- No, ha!
Let me get the camera for this.
- Jump in the pan.
♪ ♪
- I did it!
- I got a good shot.
- This smells so good!
- Yes!
All right, Team Selena,
time to build our nacho bar.
- Great.
- I have about five pounds
of tortilla chips.
- Five pounds?
- They were on sale actually.
- [laughs]
That's amazing.
- We have some
store-bought guacamole.
- Did you just
leave the fridge open?
- I'm coming back.
- Did you really just do that?
- I've been running around
on my toes today.
- You know, the key to a good
nacho platter is layers, right?
- Yes.
- You always wanna
start with a layer of chips.
And those bottom chips are
gonna absorb so much flavor.
- Mmm.
- And then it's just cheese.
- Ooey, gooey, melty cheesy.
- I'm gonna do a layer
of those beans, steak.
- This smells so good.
- This smells really good.
- Really trying to make sure
you get all those beautiful
colors: the cilantro, the red
from the tomatoes and the pico,
and then topping it off
with cotija.
- Wow!
That's art.
- Ladies, it's looking
pretty great over there.
- Sissy,
do you wanna see the nachos?
Come here.
- She's back.
- Hey, Gracie, perfect timing.
Selena, my kids just got home.
We're all doing the tasting.
Hi.
- Hi, guys!
- This is Embry and Riley.
- This is my sister Gracie.
- Hi, Gracie!
- Happy birthday!
- Thank you.
- We're gonna dig in here,
too, and taste
and then see how we did.
- Moment of truth.
- Sounds delicious.
These are my harshest critics,
by the way.
So we'll see how we did.
- Oh, my gosh, this is so good.
- Do you girls like it?
- Me, too.
I feel like we did a great job.
- Hello!
- Guys, this is Richard
and his kids.
- Hi, Richard.
Hi, kids.
- Hi.
- Hey, family.
- Gracie, what would you
rate me, one through five?
- Five.
- The meat's good.
- I'll give you a toy later
for saying that.
- Okay.
- Hey, Richard,
while we're here,
I would love to know
a little bit more
about the charity
we are gonna be donating to.
- Yeah, so we're
gonna be donating today
to World Central Kitchen,
which I know you're aware of.
World Central Kitchen goes
to anywhere in the world
that is in need, where there
are people that are hungry.
They will put in chefs
and set up kitchens
to feed people who are
fighting natural disasters
or in war zones and really
just making sure that everyone
who needs nourishment
gets it all over the world.
- That sounds amazing,
and I want nothing more than
to support it and get
other people involved as well.
- Well, thank you so much
for allowing us to talk
about their hard work.
- Of course.
Okay, let's put this away.
We're gonna get ready
for the ice cream.
- Hey, I'm still hungry.
- Well, here.
- I'll put it over here.
- Mm.
- Gracie, it's time
for the liquid nitrogen
ice cream sundae bar!
- Whoo!
- Happy birthday!
- Yay!
- So we've got vanilla
and chocolate ice cream.
That's coming out.
- Can I try it?
- Just a finger.
- Mmm.
- And then we sent you
an assortment
of tasty things
to garnish our sundaes with.
- There we go.
We're doing it.
- Yeah, let's dig in.
- Cheers, everyone!
- All righty, look at mine.
all: Cheers!
- Ice cream party! Cheers!
Happy birthday, Gracie!
- Happy birthday, Gracie!
- Whoo!
- Thank you so,
so much for everything today.
We've had a blast and I
appreciate this lesson so much.
- Thank you so much, Selena.
Thanks, fam.
- Thank you!
- Thank you, girls!
- Bye!
- I'm ready.
- Put your hats on.
- Papa, put it on.
- Here, put it on me.
- Okay.
Just put it on top, yeah.
- Beautiful, Papa.
- I can't believe we made this.
- Yeah, especially me.
- We actually
made ice cream today.
- I know.
- Did you have fun making it?
- Mm-hm.
Can you pass me a strawberry?
I've been dying to eat those.
- Yes, Queen Gracie.
all:
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Gracie ♪
all: Whoo!
- And many more.
- Aww.
- ♪ It feels like
you don't care ♪
♪ Oh, why don't you
recognize I'm so rare? ♪
♪ I'm always there ♪
♪ You don't do the same
for me ♪
♪ That's not fair ♪
♪ ♪